Update python 3.9 imagestream tag (#582)
sclorg/s2i-python-container: 3.9/README.md

Usage in Openshift
------------------

> For this, we will assume that you are using one of the supported images, available via `python:3.9-ubi8` or `python:3.9-ubi9` imagestream tag in Openshift.

Reviewer: Let's just use a single example here rather than a list. The users can check themselves which images is available to them.
So something like:
```suggestion
For this, we will assume that you are using one of the supported images available via imagestream tags in Openshift, eg. `python:3.9-ubi9`.
```
